I hate high school I can't go to parties
don't have a life cuz my friends always
stop me if there's a kegger you probably
got by me say my room geneseo geez
zombie wanna go high and be like Bob
Marley all by myself I'm a one-man army
can't have sex my parents cock-blocking
17 years old still riding in the car
seat thought I have no friends and no
one I could trust really girlfriend like
it helped me trust lonely in the back
when I ride that bus where everyone is
judging the bad kids cussed at computer
test and I'm wishing to get laid free
trial ran out now I got it made stock
all right hey time today dad tell often
that I masturbate no one to talk to i'm
always neglected essen girls a calm and
i'm always rejected anywhere i go i'll
never be accepted when I'm lonely so
myself a dirty text messy high school I
can't go to parties don't have a life
cuz my rent so we stop me if there's a
kegger you probably won't find me say in
my room King Zod song
be like Bob Marley all by myself for my
one-man army to have sex my parents high
fly with 17 years old still shining
McCarthy's tri-c give me work that I
never do four years of this ish man just
want to be through I'm machinery teacher
still ask me sir who are you your kids
and the back says in blue it's not a
full fear and I still watch kids joking
all the special egg Gregor please kids
the fuckin girls dismayed aha me when
enlist me not an accident melon season
is me everybody hates me can't even pay
the school slut to even date me ask girl
for eight solid you a shave me all I've
been doing is get this late not that the
normal places over here for the party
and have a life cuz my friends always
talking with physical could you call him
I found shame
ha tonight Bob Marley all by myself on
my army can't have sex I'm a Skyblock 17
you lazy to go change starter kit and
mr. t a play c.o.d in the highest killer
street living my life trying to be like
Charlie Sheen every day's a repeat it
really sucks being me only activity i do
with pilates pretend to smoke weed with
oregano and parsley when i'm all alone i
pretend like someone called me go on
facebook and everybody blog me when I'm
at home I get baked off for Smarties I
hate high school I can't go to parties
don't have a life to my rent so we stop
me if there's a kegger you probably
won't find me stay in my room killer Zod
zombie trying to get high and be like
bye Marley oh but myself I'm a run
army can't have sex my parents kind of
like 17 years old still fine in the car
seat man I hate high school yeah fuck
you sit this is struck out